## [Unreleased]

New features:

* Added log view (#53, #54).
* Added a shell script editor (#37), plus export/import feature.
* Added collection duplication feature (#63).
* Find view: paste ID and press Enter (#55).

Patches:

* Preserve state after switching to another tab (#56).
* Find view: ask for confirmation before negligently deleting documents when the user has clicked the '-' button (#58).
* Set a deadline for counting documents, and added a button to count documents if the deadline has been exceeded.
* UI improvements.

Bugfixes:

* Build script recreates the build output directory after it has been removed (#62).
* After dropping a collection or database, the hosttree was not reloaded correctly. Now, dropped databases and collections are correctly removed from the host tree.

## [v0.2.2]

* Added Excel export format (#46).
* Improved the application menu.
* Improved error logging and dialogs.
* Made table headers stick to the top.
* Made it possible (again) to input loose JSON into find view inputs, i.e. `{ key: 'val' }` or `{ 'num': 2 }` besides `{ "strict": "json" }`.
* Fixed host editing bug.
* Open dump in Explorer/Finder when finished (#43).

## [v0.2.1]

* Display host and database statistics generated by the corresponding diagnostic MongoDB commands in addition to collection stats (#15).
* Added version number of the running Rolens instance in the about dialog (#25, #28).
* Added meaningful window titles, and actually show these in the title bar (macOS).
* Corrected link to documentation in the about box (#30).
* Fixed host/database selection bug in grid (#31, #32), involving a frontend refactoring.
* Replaced (some) harsh loading dialogs with smooth spinners, and replaced (some) capricious error dialogs with friendly error messages.

## [v0.2.0]

* Added some external links related to Rolens to the application menu.
* Fix an infinite loop bug when a document in the find view has been double clicked.
* Find view: added the ability to make changes to single documents from within the object editor.

## [v0.1.0]

Initial release.

[Unreleased]: https://github.com/garraflavatra/rolens/tree/main
[v0.1.0]: https://github.com/garraflavatra/rolens/releases/tag/v0.1.0
[v0.2.0]: https://github.com/garraflavatra/rolens/releases/tag/v0.2.0
[v0.2.1]: https://github.com/garraflavatra/rolens/releases/tag/v0.2.1
[v0.2.2]: https://github.com/garraflavatra/rolens/releases/tag/v0.2.2
